♪ Love is sometimes unlike my desire. ♪
♪ My mistakes sometimes brought tears to your eyes. ♪
♪ Love will have its ups and downs. ♪
♪ I will try to take away all sorrows ♪
♪ because I want to be on your side forever ♪
♪ Love will have mistakes, pain, and tears,  ♪
♪ but those things make us understand mutually. ♪
♪ Day by day, we will learn how to more love, listen and share our joys and sorrows. ♪
♪ After all, we get back together. ♪
Episode 1
That is Mr. Thach,
whom you will have to look after.
I've taken the carer to see you.
Hi! I am Thien Phuc.
Nice to meet you!
You don't have to speak so loudly like that!
Go out there, I will show you something.
Come here!
This is the kitchen.
Yes.
If you cook, remember to wash the dishes right after that.
Or it will be really stinky.
Yep!
Over here is the laundry.
And that is the garden.
Remember to close the door when you go in and out,
because there are lots of mosquitoes here at night.
What's the matter?
Ah, nothing!
If Mr. Thach or I am not at home, don't go into his room.
Yes.
It's time for medicine.
Go there and get me some water!
The schedules, I've written them on the box.
Remember to give him medicine on time.
Yes.
Oh, I almost forgot!
Whenever you go in and out, remember to put the key under the plant pot.
In case of any urgencies, I can still get in.
Yes.
Okay, let's go.
It's time for him to take medicine.
Let's give him the medicine!
Here is your medicine!
Since the day of the accident, he has kept being like this.
He doesn't care who says or does anything.
Have you done the transferring procedures yet?
I don't have time to come here every day.
Duy is about to come home.
He will carry on all the work that you and I have been set up for years.
So, hurry up with the paperwork!
If you don't read these books anymore, then throw these away!
Just leave it right there!
Go out!
You! Stay here!
If you want me to sign, I will.
From now on, I will be your boss.
Anyone who wants to talk to you has to go through my consent.
Yes.
Change all of the locks!
Also the gate's lock,
don't forget it!
Yes.
At 5:00 PM precisely, I will take a shower.
Don't be late!
I don't like that.
We're both men,
so there is nothing to fear.
Yeah!
He can't eat me up.
How long are you gonna think?
Am I really coming in there?
Come and sit here!
Huh?
What if I get wet when sitting on the tub?
What did he eat to be so white?
If it's not because of the money,
there is no way I do this.
Is he really blind?
Go out!
Oh my god!
I didn't see anything, I didn't see....
I didn't see... his butt.
I saw his butt!
Ouch, my pure eyes!
Mr. Thach!
Breakfast is ready.
Please go outside and eat!
Are you alright?
Let me clean this up! Please go and brush your teeth!
Let it be!
Just let me clean this up! Go and brush your teeth!
I said leave it alone!
If I don't clean this, you will step on these broken glasses.
It's my business!
Okay then!
You clean this up!
See! I told you, but you didn't listen to me!
Just let me do it!
Keep your hands off!
Why are you being so stubborn?
What's the matter with me doing this?
You really like being scolded?
It's not that I don't want to let you do it.
But you have to let me work, so I can feel happy when getting the salary at the end of the month.
So obstinate!
Do you need to bandage the wound?
No need.
Can I go to open the door?
If it's Linh, don't let her come in.
Why?
Why couldn't I come in?
What do you come here for?
Sign the paper!
Of your dreams that I will sign.
I will ask you one last time.
I don't want to see blood again.
So please don't push me!
You think you have enough ability?
I don't want to have a murder!
Sit down and talk properly!
I will not sign it.
Stop wasting your breath!
What a useless blind!
How can you manage the restaurant when you're blind?
Or would you let it rot away and go bankrupt?
Think about it!
Except from me,
is there anyone staying with you when you lost your vision?
Oh! That's right!
Where's your poor little sister?
She has been studying abroad, right?
You are still waiting for her to come back and celebrate Tet with you?
How pitiful!
Hey! You're exaggerating it!
Is it your turn to speak?
Both you and I have no rights to speak up.
You!
Leave, please!
Or I will call the police.
Do it!
I'll say this one last time!
Sign the conveyance!
Who am I to you that you make me sign it?
Stop with that scornful smile of yours!
Now you are no different from a useless person.
You keep it for what?
If I were you,
I would rather die.
Get out!
Sign the paper!
Out!
Sign it!
Out of my house!
As long as you haven't yet signed,
I would still come back.
You forgot to lock the gate, right?
I am sorry!
If doing it one more time, I'll fire you!
I am so sorry!
Mr. Thach!
I've finished all the work! I'm going home now!
Good night!
At least, answer me with a "yes".
Why do I feel like something's gonna happen?
Mr. Thach!
Can you talk to me a little bit?
What is wrong with him?
The door is locked.
Maybe he has worn headphones and gone to sleep.
If something happens, I will fall into disrepute.
Mr. Thach!
The house is small, but why are there so many keys?
Right at this time!
Calm down! Calm down!
This crazy guy!
Are you awake?
Are you alright?
Hurt...
Are you okay?
It hurts!
I said I'm hurt.
Are you awake?
Why didn't you just let me die?
Are you out of your mind?
Hey!
I am still your boss.
I am the one who saved you.
Did I beg you to save me?
Why are you so stubborn?
Please don't do this nonsense anymore.
Why do you keep such people in your hair?
If there is a sad thing, just ignore it.
If you want to confide, I am here for you.
What's wrong?
Mr. Thach!
I didn't say that to make you cry.
Please!
Don't cry!
You call that comforting?
I did it in a strong way.
Mr. Thach!
Gosh!
Let me take you to go inside!
I will be outside. Call me if you need anything.
What do you want?
I want to repay you with my body
for what happened last night.
No need!
You really mean it?
What kind of game you're playing?
Hello Phuc!
Who are you?
I'm Duy,
Thach's younger brother.
Uhm...